Mention our plan to follow up with v6 soonish (#830)
getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Intro

> Version 5.0 of the `sentry-android-gradle-plugin` uses the latest version of the Java SDK (`8.0.0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 5.0 of the `sentry-android-gradle-plugin` uses the latest major version of the Java/Android SDK (`8.0.0`).
```

> We are planning to do another major release where we want to implement more functional changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to do another major release within the next few months, which will contain more functional changes.
```
